hey youtubers its beauty home yours and
um today I'm doing a review on six and
they are really built around and I'll
show you read right wait Oh mommy got
where's the camera
yep right there yeah and I really want
drew a streak on myself I'll show you
again
really smooth like lipstick but I would
not put on your lips so I'm gonna teach
you how you could put it in your hair
look like I wash out the shower so I'm
gonna do black cuz my hair it's like
brownish and black will show good so
what and I will just streak on my hand
so washed like kind of like pastels
actually yeah alright and these will
work very good on one here
I'll do underneath - yeah and you could
get them like Walmart unohana probably
Hanford's how do you get them a lot of
places I don't know okay so probably
can't see it but oh wait you can't even
see the block this is what I did and
yeah I didn't see them so I'm just
showing you guys but yeah thank you guys
for watching and don't forget okay let
me just show you the colors comes in
with it comes in a pack of twelve and it
comes with red orange green yellow sky
blue blue like dark blue violet brown
white black gold and silver the gold and
silver work really well I don't have the
silver but here it's the gold gold gold
gold silver silver red and then that
purple stuff doesn't color things so
yeah he's a lot of them I don't know
what the other ones all right now
oh wait the black one came off alright
thanks for watching guys and don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
hope you guys like video bye